Add Prometheus metrics endpoint (#980)
oauth2-proxy/oauth2-proxy: docs/docs/features/endpoints.md

- /robots.txt - returns a 200 OK response that disallows all User-agents from all paths; see [robotstxt.org](http://www.robotstxt.org/) for more info
- /ping - returns a 200 OK response, which is intended for use with health checks

> - /metrics - Metrics endpoint for Prometheus to scrape, serve on the address specified by `--metrics-address`, 127.0.0.1:9100 by default

Reviewer: Disabled by default now right?
```suggestion
- /metrics - Metrics endpoint for Prometheus to scrape, serve on the address specified by `--metrics-address`, disabled by default
```
